# Quants and Quills

## Management committee meeting

## Minutes

* Date: 7/6/2018
* Time: 4:30pm
* Place: Tippler’s Tap, Grey St, South Brisbane
* Attendees: Daniel Angus, Simon Elvery, Rosanna Ryan

## 1. Sponsorship

Since last management committee meeting, Simon had been in touch with Thoughtworks who were willing to continue sponsoring the event. Eru asked Simon to invoice him for food and drinks rather than deal with receipts. There may be some shortfall as this gets worked out, but a buffer in our bank account means there is the capacity to absorb costs if necessary.

The committee was yet to hear back from Google but had heard they had money to spend in Australia. Collaborating with people in other states was discussed. The committee agreed it would be ideal to pay presenters for their time if we had funds to do so.

Dan reported that UQ was not in a position to offer sponsorship, with all money tied up with another event. He offered to reach out to QUT. Griffith had offered support (not financial).

It was agreed that it was worth approaching Hub4101 again to gauge interest in irregular contributions.

## 2. Code of conduct

The committee discussed feedback on the Code of Conduct.

Simon suggested adopting code as it stands for now; if people in the Hacks/Hackers Brisbane community have any desired additions or changes, they can draft alternatives.

Simon offered to fix the Google link in the Code of Conduct so it goes to the communal Gmail address rather than Rosie’s personal address.

## 3. Storyology event

Rosie noted that this was coming up in July so would be the next event if we were to take part in it.

Dan suggested a “roving showcase” style event where people with special projects could give a quick pitch to the full audience, then stand at a station and talk about their work with smaller groups.

There was discussion of how a similar model had worked before and whether it would appeal to the right audience.

Dan agreed to follow up with his contact at Storyology.

## 4. Volunteers

The committee decided the spreadsheet was ineffective and direct approaches were proving more successful.

Simon spoke about the template he had made in Github and how it could be used to check all jobs were organised.

Simon agreed to approach Scott about completing the Quants & Quills website.

Rosie agreed to speak to Matt about recording future events.

## 5. Finances

The committee noted that there were some outstanding tasks in regards to banking and finances.

It was agreed to get this up to date before the next meeting.
