# Minutes: Quants and Quills annual general meeting 2019

* Date: 6 November 2019, 5:30pm
* Location: 5/182 Grey St, South Brisbane
* Attendees: Simon Elvery, Rosanna Ryan, Katie Cassidy, Rae Allen, Tae Baker, Thom Ryan, Sarah Motherwell, Daniel Angus (proxy provided to Simon Elvery)

## Opening

Simon welcomed members to the 2019 AGM.

Daniel sent his apologies but provided a proxy for voting purposes.

Simon delivered the president's report:

> Welcome to the third Annual General Meeting of Quants and Quills Incorporated. 
>
> Since the last AGM we've hosted 10 Hacks/Hackers events covering a broad range of topics.
>
> Events this year have included speakers on NASA's flying telescope, data privacy investigations, innovation in legal services, bots, trolls and election manipulation, Australian election coverage critique, surveillance of journalists and sources, physical news storytelling techniques, leaks and investigative journalism practices and podcasting.
>
> I'm very pleased we were again able to host an international speaker in Stephan Baack from Berlin.
>
> We've met a big milestone with diversity this year: it is the first year in which we've had more women speak than men. Thanks in large part to two events with multiple speakers who were all women.  Overall there were six male and seven female speakers.
>
> Looking forward, I hope this gender balance can be maintained and push toward other types of diversity in the list of speakers and attendees can be achieved. 
>
> Adding an Acknowledgement of Country to the start of each event going forward would add to the culture of diversity we seek to foster. The absences of this has been noted in feedback from the community and it's well overdue. 
>
> The attendance at events, as well as the RSVP numbers have been quite variable this year. Both RSVPs and turn out rates have been hard to predict. There have even been a couple of events with more attendees than RSVPs which is quite unusual.
>
> This possibly reflects a slightly less organised event schedule than previous years. We had to cancel one event, the first time we've done that since the restart in February 2016. We also changed the planned date several times and didn't pre-load all prospective dates into meetup.
>
> This event scheduling and organisation is something I hope can be improved in 2020.
>
> This year, thanks to Katie Cassidy, we have also established a Hacks/Hackers email newsletter. I'm really happy about this and I'd like to think it's just the start. It's excellent that we're able to start taking control of our own email list, something that's not possible with meetup.com — the tie-in to which is a source of risk for the group it would be good to eliminate.
>
> I'd like to acknowledge the ongoing support of ThoughtWorks and ABC — two key sponsors. I'd also like to acknowledge the support we've had this year from Women In Media who have been champions of our events, helping promote them.

## Financials

Dan presented the financial report for 2018-2019.

```txt
            $1852.82  Assets:Cash at bank
            $2439.39  Expenses
              $75.39    Administration
             $120.00    Banking
            $2244.00    Catering
            $-925.01  Income:Sponsorship:ThoughtWorks
           $-3367.20  Retained earnings
--------------------
                   0
```

The Quants and Quills financial records are also open for public inspection at https://github.com/quantsquills/governance/

Dan also provided some more detail about the Quants and Quills financial position:

> The 2018-2019 financial year saw a moderate reduction in the level of reserve funds due to the loss of one of our principal sponsors HUB4101 at the beginning of 2018. Nonetheless we are extremely grateful for continued support from Thoughtworks who kindly cover our catering costs, and are fortunate and thankful to the ABC who continue to allow us use of the foyer area at no cost to the organisation.
>
> In 2019-2020 it would be good to explore possibilities for raising addition revenue that could help with extra costs such as speaker fees for self-funded/freelance speakers, and ongoing administration fees. An avenue worth exploring here might be a small membership fee, which may also help increase the level of involvement in the organisation by this membership base.

Simon moves that the treasurer's report is adopted. Katie seconds. The motion is passed.

## Election of Management Committee and Secretary

Simon nominates Dan, Katie, Sarah and Rosie as members of the management committee. Rae seconds these nominations.

Rosie nominates Simon as a member of the management committee and Katie seconds.

Simon nominates Rosie as secretary and Katie seconds.

Simon notes that other officer holders can be elected at the next management committee meeting.

## General business

Simon suggests the management committee should meet every month to improve planning.

Rae talks about encouraging ABC reporters to attend meet-ups through better promotion. Katie says this could include posters as well as more consistent all-staff emails. The group discusses how to reach people outside the ABC, including by doing specific outreach to relevant interest groups. It is suggested that we prepare posters for each upcoming meetup for attendees to distribute. The meeting discusses improving university relationships to get interested students along.

Katie gives a report on the performance of the newsletter so far this year, saying there has been good growth and good clickthrough rates. She says writing the newsletter would be easier if there was better planning.

The group discusses potential future events. Some ideas include: sensor journalism, newsletters, the US election, the right to be forgotten, websites that track you, how to tell difficult stories in engaging ways, climate change, filter bubbles, replacing journos with robots, TV graphics, data vs poetry in sports journalism, digital literature. It is agreed that the committee should survey attendees and see what they are most interested in.

Simon discusses supporting a push for an alternative awards event, that might be better at recognising online/digital journalism than the Walkleys are. He suggests this could work in participant-driven way like the unconference model.

The meeting also discusses the potential of pursuing sponsorship from Google again.

## Close

The meeting was closed at 7:00pm.
