# Quants and Quills
## Annual general meeting
## Minutes

* Date: 15/11/18
* Time: 5:45pm
* Place: Tippler’s Tap, Grey St, South Brisbane
* Attendees: Daniel Angus, Simon Elvery, Rosanna Ryan, Rae Allen, Daniel Robertson, Katie Cassidy

## 1. President’s report
Simon presented the president’s report, as follows:

It's been another good year for Quants and Quills. Since the last AGM in October 2017 we've run 10 events covering a broad range of subjects.

In November 2017 we hosted Andy Kirk — just our second international speaker — for The Design of Nothing.

Throughout 2018 we've had events on subjects as diverse as data journalism, artistic use of satellite data in storytelling, examining local nightlife culture through Instagram's algorithmic filter, making podcasts, skip tracing, combining augmented reality, podcasts, and photography to cover life in Syria, fake news, deep-fakes and digital journalism for politics and investigations.

It's been a big year for a little team and we've achieved a lot.

This year we held our first co-hosted event, combining with the Brisbane Podcast Meetup, which was a great success. We should look for more collaborations like this going forward.

Anecdotally, attendance at events was about on par, or slightly down on 2017. Unfortunately, we have clear RSVP numbers, but no actual attendance counts. The turnout rate has been more variable this year than it has been in previous years. Going forward it would be useful to collect attendance numbers as a matter of course at each event.

We set out with the goal of maintaining or improving speaker gender diversity. At the last AGM, 35 per cent of speaker had been female.

This year, we've improved that measure of diversity with 11 men and 8 women speaking at events. From these numbers it's clear we need to maintain our focus on improving diversity, including across other measures of diversity.

This year we also adopted a Code of Conduct. 

## 2. Treasurer’s report
Daniel Angus presented the treasurer’s report, noting that the financial situation was stable with a healthy buffer and although the organisation currently has only one financial sponsor, it is no cause for concern.

            $3152.07  Assets
             $300.00    Accounts Receivable:hub4101
            $2852.07    Cash at bank
            $3710.51  Expenses
              $91.88    Administration
             $170.46    Banking
            $3432.71    Catering
              $15.46    Website
           $-5078.46  Income:Sponsorship
           $-2978.46    ThoughtWorks
           $-2100.00    hub4101
           $-1784.12  Retained earnings
                   0

The Quants and Quills financial records are also open for public inspection at https://github.com/quantsquills/governance/

## 3. Election of management committee

Simon declared all positions vacant.

The nominations received were:
1. President - Simon Elvery
2. Treasurer - Daniel Angus
3. Secretary - Rosanna Ryan

All nominees appointed unanimously.

## 4. General business

Simon discussed recruiting new members for the organisation through a website form. He explains this could be done within the existing rules, but the process would need to be detailed in a minute at a management committee meeting.

Rae raised discussion around how events are promoted to the audience, suggesting the best talks of the year were undersold. The meeting discussed the importance of meeting deadlines around promotion and the advantage of getting plenty of information from speakers. Rae suggested there was room to grow by tapping into special interest networks.

The meeting discussed ways of increasing awareness of Hacks/Hackers events with potential audiences. Katie suggested a newsletter and volunteered to curate it. Daniel Robertson suggested making greater use of video/audio recordings of the events.

Daniel Angus observed that working with technology had changed from being a niche interest amongst journalists to being a central part of the profession. Simon suggested the name Hacks/Hackers might put some potential audience members off, but that this could be remedied by focusing promotion on the speaker and topic rather than the Hacks/Hackers brand.

There was discussion of how to convert members on Meetup into email subscribers.

The meeting discussed potential speakers and topics for 2019.

The meeting concluded at 6:45pm.
