# Quants and Quills

## Management committee meeting

## Minutes

* Date: 21/3/2017
* Time: 7:30pm
* Place: Video conference on Google Hangouts
* Attendees: Daniel Angus, Simon Elvery, Rosanna Ryan

## 1. Update from president

For the March event, Simon was to follow up on early conversations with Kellie Riordan and Andrew Davies about collaborating with an existing podcasting meet-up.

## 2. Discussion about sponsorship

The committee discussed the lack of a committed sponsor for 2018.

Simon noted that Hub4101 would no longer be providing regular sponsorship. He suggested it would be good to meet them to see if one-offs are possible even though theyâ€™re not interested in monthly contributions.

He he had not heard back from Eru at Thoughtworks about whether the arrangement with them would continue.

However, it was noted that the bank balance offered some leeway, and there was no immediate need to buy more drinks yet.

Dan offered to follow up with UQ contacts to see if new sponsor opportunities were available.

Simon suggested getting in touch with Google News Lab; Dan said he would follow up on this.

## 3. Volunteer spreadsheet

The committee discussed the spreadsheet and whether there was a more elegant way of asking people to contribute.

Some possible alternatives would be explored.

## 4. Storing private data

While Github was a suitable location for public-facing documentation, it was raised that some documentation needed to be accessible only to the management committee. Simon agreed to pass on details of the Google account to the group so this could be used.

## 4. Future events

The committee discussed some options for upcoming events and contingency plans in case they fall through.

Rosie suggested talking with Ash Kyd about whether any of his contacts in the queers in tech community would be worth approaching.

Dan mentioned a colleague working on Indigenous data sovereignty and the quantified self.
