# Quants and Quills
## Management committee meeting
## Minutes

* Date: 6/9/2018
* Time: 5:30pm
* Place: Tippler’s Tap, Grey St, South Brisbane
* Attendees: Daniel Angus, Simon Elvery, Rosanna Ryan

## 1. Previous minutes

Simon made a statement that the previous meeting's minutes were correct.

## 2. Business arising from previous meeting

Since last meeting, Thoughtworks have been sent six months’ worth of invoices. Simon will monitor the bank account to check this arrives and Dan will follow up with Eru.

Simon said he would follow up with Scott about the Quants and Quills website. If Scott was not going to do more work on it, Simon volunteered to get the site up and running.

## 3. Finances

Dan said he was yet to have access to the bank account for Quants and Quills, so could only say that food and drink was being paid for. So far this had amounted to around $800-$900 for half a year, so the organisation was in a sound position to survive through to 2019.

Simon had the form to give authority for Dan to access the bank account; both agreed to make sure this was filled out and returned to the bank as a priority.

## 4. New business: Event attendance

Simon brought up his concern about the growing discrepancy between Meetup RSVPs and the number of people who attend events. He reported there were regularly 40-50 RSVPs on Meetup but around 20-30 people showing up.

The committee discussed ways to find out if a proportion of these were fake accounts and how to get more accurate ideas of event attendance ahead of time.

The committee also discussed ways to improve event attendance overall. Simon and Dan advised it was slightly down on 2017.

Suggestions included making posters for display at the ABC and universities, and being more diligent about completing tasks on the pre-event checklist to make sure attendees had plenty of notice of speakers and topics.

## 5. New business: Annual general meeting

Simon advised the committee of the rules around AGM timing (i.e. that it must happen within six months of the end of your association’s financial year) and suggested October as a good time to hold the meeting.

Rosie agreed investigate the timeframes for notification of the meeting and any other legal requirements.

Simon said he would provide a list of members to Rosie for the purpose of notification.
