# Quants and Quills
## Management committee meeting
## Minutes

- Date: 7/12/2017
- Time: 5:50pm
- Place: Tippler’s Tap, 5/182 Grey Street, South Brisbane
- Attendees: Daniel Angus, Simon Elvery, Rosanna Ryan

## 1. Update from president

Simon gave an update on management committee activities since the annual general meeting in October.
He reported that he had sent the final invoice for the year to Hub4101 but was still to send requests to Thoughtworks.
Simon said he had intended to publish a summary of how the year had gone as a blog; Dan agreed to draft this.

## 2. Allocation of responsibilities

The committee agreed that certain responsibilities should be allocated to specific members for the coming year, as follows:

### Invoicing and banking:
As treasurer, Dan agreed to take on responsibility for invoicing and banking, including ordering food for events.
Simon will give Dan access to the existing bank account, and Dan will investigate whether this account can be used with CommBiz.

### Event setup:
Simon to continue looking after event setup.
Simon raised possibility of needing to pay more for extra security if the event were to continue to be held in the ABC lobby.
He will investigate this arrangement and seek sponsorship to cover this cost if required.

### Sponsor relationships:
Dan to be responsible for seeking sponsorship relationships in general and possibilities of accessing grants.

### Organising volunteer labour:
Rosie to take on this role, facilitated by a spreadsheet which listed each month’s event and the tasks associated with it - e.g. organising/booking speakers, filming or recording of the event, live tweeting, stocking drinks.

### Event promotion/social media:
It was agreed that the committee member who organised each speaker would be responsible for promoting the event.
If a volunteer organised a speaker, a committee member would take on this role. This would be allocated through the spreadsheet.
Rosie to be given access to Facebook, Twitter and meetup,com to enable her to share this task.

### Operational transparency
Simon to make templates around minutes and agendas with aim of publishing details on GitHub.
Rosie to email Simon minutes for this meeting; in future, Rosie to publish minutes on GitHub.

## 3. Seeking sponsorship for 2018

The committee agreed the relationships with Hub4101 and Thoughtworks were worth continuing.
Dan raised possibility of grants from UQ for holding a one-off Hacks/Hackers event aimed at students.

## 4. Code of conduct

Simon to send Rosie some examples he has collated of codes of conduct adopted by similar organisations.
Discussion around hosting the code on GitHub and allowing feedback from members on this platform.
Rosie suggested also allowing feedback through other channels (i.e. social media and email) to be inclusive of members who are not regular GitHub users.

## 5. Succession planning

Dan and Simon discussed their hopes for the event to be sustainable in the future if they were to reduce their involvement.
It was agreed that involving regular attendees in tasks such as organising speakers would be a good approach to further this aim.
